content/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
name: Nelson Bighetti

# Username (this should match the folder name)
authors:
- admin

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position
role: Professor of Artificial Intelligence

# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
- name: Stanford University
  url: ""

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: My research interests include distributed robotics, mobile computing and programmable matter.

interests:
- Artificial Intelligence
- Computational Linguistics
- Information Retrieval

education:
  courses:
  - course: PhD in Artificial Intelligence
    institution: Stanford University
    year: 2012
  - course: MEng in Artificial Intelligence
    institution: Massachusetts Institute of Technology
    year: 2009
  - course: BSc in Artificial Intelligence
    institution: Massachusetts Institute of Technology
    year: 2008

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/widgets/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: '#contact'  # For a direct email link, use "mailto:test@example.org".
- icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://twitter.com/GeorgeCushen
- icon: google-scholar
  icon_pack: ai
  link: https://scholar.google.co.uk/citations?user=sIwtMXoAAAAJ
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/gcushen
# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.  
# - icon: cv
#   icon_pack: ai
#   link: files/cv.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: ""
  
# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.  
user_groups:
- Researchers
- Visitors
---

Nelson Bighetti is a professor of artificial intelligence at the Stanford AI Lab. His research interests include distributed robotics, mobile computing and programmable matter. He leads the Robotic Neurobiology group, which develops self-reconfiguring robots, systems of self-organizing robots, and mobile sensor networks.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sed neque elit, tristique placerat feugiat ac, facilisis vitae arcu. Proin eget egestas augue. Praesent ut sem nec arcu pellentesque aliquet. Duis dapibus diam vel metus tempus vulputate.

Commit message:

Start of basic build
Created main sections, started individual people, etc.

content/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
name: EERG

# Username (this should match the folder name)
authors:
- admin

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position
role: 

# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
- name: University of Georgia
  url: ""

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: My research interests include distributed robotics, mobile computing and programmable matter.

interests:

education:
  courses:
  - course: PhD in Artificial Intelligence
    institution: Stanford University
    year: 2012
  - course: MEng in Artificial Intelligence
    institution: Massachusetts Institute of Technology
    year: 2009
  - course: BSc in Artificial Intelligence
    institution: Massachusetts Institute of Technology
    year: 2008

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/widgets/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: '#contact'  # For a direct email link, use "mailto:eerg@uga.edu".
# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.  
# - icon: cv
#   icon_pack: ai
#   link: files/cv.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: ""
  
# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.  
user_groups:

---

The Economic Evaluation Research Group (EERG) at the University of Georgia establishes an infrastructure to conduct economic evaluations, quantitative and qualitative analyses of health policies, chronic disease decision modeling, and evaluations of public health interventions and programs. The Group brings together a multi-disciplinary team of experts to provide the methods necessary to conduct research relevant for informing health policy making in the state and nationally.

The primary purpose of EERG at UGA is to produce four main products: economic evaluations, health policy analyses, chronic disease decision modeling, and public health program evaluations. These assessments and evaluations focus primarily on local- and state-level policies and programs to provide timely and important information for policy and other decision makers in the state of Georgia. Additionally, assessments and evaluations by EERG focus on important national policies and programs. Thus, EERG can play an important role in advocating for the improvement of population-level health at the local, state, and national levels. The secondary purpose of the EERG is to provide linkages of key faculty and staff with expertise to conduct economic evaluations, quantitative and qualitative health policy analysis, chronic disease decision modeling, and public health program evaluation for the purposes of obtaining research funding to produce scholarly outputs that will ultimately improve population-level health.
